# Subscription

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Object** | **string** | String representing the object&#39;s type. Objects of the same type share the same value. | 
**Id** | **string** | The ID of the subscription (generated by RevenueCat) | 
**CustomerId** | **string** | The ID of the customer | 
**OriginalCustomerId** | **string** | The ID of the original customer. Relevant for subscriptions that were transferred from one customer to another | 
**ProductId** | **NullableString** | The RevenueCat ID of the product that the customer is subscribed to. Exists for all store types except for promotional. | 
**StartsAt** | **int64** | The date when the subscription originally started in ms since epoch | 
**CurrentPeriodStartsAt** | **int64** | The date when the subscription billing period started in ms since epoch | 
**CurrentPeriodEndsAt** | **NullableInt64** | The date when the subscription billing period is expected to end in ms since epoch. Can be null if the subscription is paused until an indefinite date. | 
**GivesAccess** | **bool** | Determines whether the customer should currently be provided access to the entitlements associated with the subscription | 
**PendingPayment** | **bool** | Determines whether there is a pending payment associated with the subscription | 
**AutoRenewalStatus** | **string** | The auto renewal status of a subscription.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;Possible values:&lt;br&gt;• &#x60;will_renew&#x60;: the subscription is currently set to automatically renew&lt;br&gt;• &#x60;will_not_renew&#x60;: the subscription is currently set to expire at the end of the period&lt;br&gt;• &#x60;will_change_product&#x60;: the subscription is currently set to change product at the end of the period (which might start a new subscription)&lt;br&gt;• &#x60;will_pause&#x60;: the subscription is currently set to pause at the end of the current period&lt;br&gt;• &#x60;requires_price_increase_consent&#x60;: the subscription will expire at the end of the current period unless the customer consents to the price increase&lt;br&gt;• &#x60;has_already_renewed&#x60;: the customer has already been charged for the upcoming renewal (so the renewal will take place even if the customer opts out of auto-renewal before the end of the period)  | 
**Status** | **string** | The status of a subscription. Please note that additional states might be added in the future. To determine whether or not a subscription currently provides access to any associated entitlements, use the _gives_access_ field.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;Possible values:&lt;br&gt;• &#x60;trialing&#x60;: the subscription is in a free trial period&lt;br&gt;• &#x60;active&#x60;: the subscription is active, in a paid period&lt;br&gt;• &#x60;expired&#x60;: the subscription is expired and no longer active&lt;br&gt;• &#x60;in_grace_period&#x60;: the subscription is past its regular expiry date and experienced a billing issue, but is currently still in an access-granting grace period&lt;br&gt;• &#x60;in_billing_retry&#x60;: the subscription has experienced a billing issue. Billing is being retried, access is suspended.-paused: the subscription is currently paused and should not provide access.&lt;br&gt;• &#x60;unknown&#x60;: the subscription is in an unknown state. Refer to the _gives_access_ field to determine whether or not to grant access.&lt;br&gt;• &#x60;incomplete&#x60;: the subscription is in an incomplete state, maybe due to incorrect billing details or because it&#39;s scheduled to start in the future.  | 
**TotalRevenueInUsd** | [**MonetaryAmount**](MonetaryAmount.md) |  | 
**PresentedOfferingId** | **NullableString** | The ID of the offering the customer saw when purchasing the subscription | 
**Entitlements** | [**EntitlementList1**](EntitlementList1.md) |  | 
**Environment** | [**Environment**](Environment.md) |  | 
**Store** | **string** | Store the subscription belongs to | 
**StoreSubscriptionIdentifier** | **string** | The subscription identifier as per the store (e.g, for Apple App Store, the &#x60;transaction_id&#x60; of the latest transaction of the subscription, or for Google Play Store, the Order ID of the last renewal of the subscription) | 
**Ownership** | [**Ownership**](Ownership.md) |  | 
**PendingChanges** | Pointer to [**NullableSubscriptionPendingChanges**](SubscriptionPendingChanges.md) |  | [optional] 
**Country** | Pointer to [**NullableCountry**](Country.md) |  | [optional] 
**ManagementUrl** | **NullableString** | The URL to manage the subscription | 

## Methods

### NewSubscription

`func NewSubscription(object string, id string, customerId string, originalCustomerId string, productId NullableString, startsAt int64, currentPeriodStartsAt int64, currentPeriodEndsAt NullableInt64, givesAccess bool, pendingPayment bool, autoRenewalStatus string, status string, totalRevenueInUsd MonetaryAmount, presentedOfferingId NullableString, entitlements EntitlementList1, environment Environment, store string, storeSubscriptionIdentifier string, ownership Ownership, managementUrl NullableString, ) *Subscription`

NewSubscription instantiates a new Subscription object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewSubscriptionWithDefaults

`func NewSubscriptionWithDefaults() *Subscription`

NewSubscriptionWithDefaults instantiates a new Subscription object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetObject

`func (o *Subscription) GetObject() string`

GetObject returns the Object field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetObjectOk

`func (o *Subscription) GetObjectOk() (*string, bool)`

GetObjectOk returns a tuple with the Object field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetObject

`func (o *Subscription) SetObject(v string)`

SetObject sets Object field to given value.


### GetId

`func (o *Subscription) GetId() string`

GetId returns the Id field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdOk

`func (o *Subscription) GetIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIdOk returns a tuple with the Id field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetId

`func (o *Subscription) SetId(v string)`

SetId sets Id field to given value.


### GetCustomerId

`func (o *Subscription) GetCustomerId() string`

GetCustomerId returns the CustomerId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCustomerIdOk

`func (o *Subscription) GetCustomerIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCustomerIdOk returns a tuple with the CustomerId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCustomerId

`func (o *Subscription) SetCustomerId(v string)`

SetCustomerId sets CustomerId field to given value.


### GetOriginalCustomerId

`func (o *Subscription) GetOriginalCustomerId() string`

GetOriginalCustomerId returns the OriginalCustomerId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetOriginalCustomerIdOk

`func (o *Subscription) GetOriginalCustomerIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetOriginalCustomerIdOk returns a tuple with the OriginalCustomerId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetOriginalCustomerId

`func (o *Subscription) SetOriginalCustomerId(v string)`

SetOriginalCustomerId sets OriginalCustomerId field to given value.


### GetProductId

`func (o *Subscription) GetProductId() string`

GetProductId returns the ProductId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetProductIdOk

`func (o *Subscription) GetProductIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetProductIdOk returns a tuple with the ProductId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetProductId

`func (o *Subscription) SetProductId(v string)`

SetProductId sets ProductId field to given value.


### SetProductIdNil

`func (o *Subscription) SetProductIdNil(b bool)`

 SetProductIdNil sets the value for ProductId to be an explicit nil

### UnsetProductId
`func (o *Subscription) UnsetProductId()`

UnsetProductId ensures that no value is present for ProductId, not even an explicit nil
### GetStartsAt

`func (o *Subscription) GetStartsAt() int64`

GetStartsAt returns the StartsAt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStartsAtOk

`func (o *Subscription) GetStartsAtOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetStartsAtOk returns a tuple with the StartsAt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetStartsAt

`func (o *Subscription) SetStartsAt(v int64)`

SetStartsAt sets StartsAt field to given value.


### GetCurrentPeriodStartsAt

`func (o *Subscription) GetCurrentPeriodStartsAt() int64`

GetCurrentPeriodStartsAt returns the CurrentPeriodStartsAt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCurrentPeriodStartsAtOk

`func (o *Subscription) GetCurrentPeriodStartsAtOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetCurrentPeriodStartsAtOk returns a tuple with the CurrentPeriodStartsAt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCurrentPeriodStartsAt

`func (o *Subscription) SetCurrentPeriodStartsAt(v int64)`

SetCurrentPeriodStartsAt sets CurrentPeriodStartsAt field to given value.


### GetCurrentPeriodEndsAt

`func (o *Subscription) GetCurrentPeriodEndsAt() int64`

GetCurrentPeriodEndsAt returns the CurrentPeriodEndsAt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCurrentPeriodEndsAtOk

`func (o *Subscription) GetCurrentPeriodEndsAtOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetCurrentPeriodEndsAtOk returns a tuple with the CurrentPeriodEndsAt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCurrentPeriodEndsAt

`func (o *Subscription) SetCurrentPeriodEndsAt(v int64)`

SetCurrentPeriodEndsAt sets CurrentPeriodEndsAt field to given value.


### SetCurrentPeriodEndsAtNil

`func (o *Subscription) SetCurrentPeriodEndsAtNil(b bool)`

 SetCurrentPeriodEndsAtNil sets the value for CurrentPeriodEndsAt to be an explicit nil

### UnsetCurrentPeriodEndsAt
`func (o *Subscription) UnsetCurrentPeriodEndsAt()`

UnsetCurrentPeriodEndsAt ensures that no value is present for CurrentPeriodEndsAt, not even an explicit nil
### GetGivesAccess

`func (o *Subscription) GetGivesAccess() bool`

GetGivesAccess returns the GivesAccess field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetGivesAccessOk

`func (o *Subscription) GetGivesAccessOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetGivesAccessOk returns a tuple with the GivesAccess field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetGivesAccess

`func (o *Subscription) SetGivesAccess(v bool)`

SetGivesAccess sets GivesAccess field to given value.


### GetPendingPayment

`func (o *Subscription) GetPendingPayment() bool`

GetPendingPayment returns the PendingPayment field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPendingPaymentOk

`func (o *Subscription) GetPendingPaymentOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetPendingPaymentOk returns a tuple with the PendingPayment field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPendingPayment

`func (o *Subscription) SetPendingPayment(v bool)`

SetPendingPayment sets PendingPayment field to given value.


### GetAutoRenewalStatus

`func (o *Subscription) GetAutoRenewalStatus() string`

GetAutoRenewalStatus returns the AutoRenewalStatus field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAutoRenewalStatusOk

`func (o *Subscription) GetAutoRenewalStatusOk() (*string, bool)`

GetAutoRenewalStatusOk returns a tuple with the AutoRenewalStatus field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAutoRenewalStatus

`func (o *Subscription) SetAutoRenewalStatus(v string)`

SetAutoRenewalStatus sets AutoRenewalStatus field to given value.


### GetStatus

`func (o *Subscription) GetStatus() string`

GetStatus returns the Status field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStatusOk

`func (o *Subscription) GetStatusOk() (*string, bool)`

GetStatusOk returns a tuple with the Status field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetStatus

`func (o *Subscription) SetStatus(v string)`

SetStatus sets Status field to given value.


### GetTotalRevenueInUsd

`func (o *Subscription) GetTotalRevenueInUsd() MonetaryAmount`

GetTotalRevenueInUsd returns the TotalRevenueInUsd field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTotalRevenueInUsdOk

`func (o *Subscription) GetTotalRevenueInUsdOk() (*MonetaryAmount, bool)`

GetTotalRevenueInUsdOk returns a tuple with the TotalRevenueInUsd field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTotalRevenueInUsd

`func (o *Subscription) SetTotalRevenueInUsd(v MonetaryAmount)`

SetTotalRevenueInUsd sets TotalRevenueInUsd field to given value.


### GetPresentedOfferingId

`func (o *Subscription) GetPresentedOfferingId() string`

GetPresentedOfferingId returns the PresentedOfferingId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPresentedOfferingIdOk

`func (o *Subscription) GetPresentedOfferingIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPresentedOfferingIdOk returns a tuple with the PresentedOfferingId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPresentedOfferingId

`func (o *Subscription) SetPresentedOfferingId(v string)`

SetPresentedOfferingId sets PresentedOfferingId field to given value.


### SetPresentedOfferingIdNil

`func (o *Subscription) SetPresentedOfferingIdNil(b bool)`

 SetPresentedOfferingIdNil sets the value for PresentedOfferingId to be an explicit nil

### UnsetPresentedOfferingId
`func (o *Subscription) UnsetPresentedOfferingId()`

UnsetPresentedOfferingId ensures that no value is present for PresentedOfferingId, not even an explicit nil
### GetEntitlements

`func (o *Subscription) GetEntitlements() EntitlementList1`

GetEntitlements returns the Entitlements field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEntitlementsOk

`func (o *Subscription) GetEntitlementsOk() (*EntitlementList1, bool)`

GetEntitlementsOk returns a tuple with the Entitlements field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEntitlements

`func (o *Subscription) SetEntitlements(v EntitlementList1)`

SetEntitlements sets Entitlements field to given value.


### GetEnvironment

`func (o *Subscription) GetEnvironment() Environment`

GetEnvironment returns the Environment field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEnvironmentOk

`func (o *Subscription) GetEnvironmentOk() (*Environment, bool)`

GetEnvironmentOk returns a tuple with the Environment field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEnvironment

`func (o *Subscription) SetEnvironment(v Environment)`

SetEnvironment sets Environment field to given value.


### GetStore

`func (o *Subscription) GetStore() string`

GetStore returns the Store field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStoreOk

`func (o *Subscription) GetStoreOk() (*string, bool)`

GetStoreOk returns a tuple with the Store field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetStore

`func (o *Subscription) SetStore(v string)`

SetStore sets Store field to given value.


### GetStoreSubscriptionIdentifier

`func (o *Subscription) GetStoreSubscriptionIdentifier() string`

GetStoreSubscriptionIdentifier returns the StoreSubscriptionIdentifier field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStoreSubscriptionIdentifierOk

`func (o *Subscription) GetStoreSubscriptionIdentifierOk() (*string, bool)`

GetStoreSubscriptionIdentifierOk returns a tuple with the StoreSubscriptionIdentifier field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetStoreSubscriptionIdentifier

`func (o *Subscription) SetStoreSubscriptionIdentifier(v string)`

SetStoreSubscriptionIdentifier sets StoreSubscriptionIdentifier field to given value.


### GetOwnership

`func (o *Subscription) GetOwnership() Ownership`

GetOwnership returns the Ownership field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetOwnershipOk

`func (o *Subscription) GetOwnershipOk() (*Ownership, bool)`

GetOwnershipOk returns a tuple with the Ownership field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetOwnership

`func (o *Subscription) SetOwnership(v Ownership)`

SetOwnership sets Ownership field to given value.


### GetPendingChanges

`func (o *Subscription) GetPendingChanges() SubscriptionPendingChanges`

GetPendingChanges returns the PendingChanges field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPendingChangesOk

`func (o *Subscription) GetPendingChangesOk() (*SubscriptionPendingChanges, bool)`

GetPendingChangesOk returns a tuple with the PendingChanges field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPendingChanges

`func (o *Subscription) SetPendingChanges(v SubscriptionPendingChanges)`

SetPendingChanges sets PendingChanges field to given value.

### HasPendingChanges

`func (o *Subscription) HasPendingChanges() bool`

HasPendingChanges returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetPendingChangesNil

`func (o *Subscription) SetPendingChangesNil(b bool)`

 SetPendingChangesNil sets the value for PendingChanges to be an explicit nil

### UnsetPendingChanges
`func (o *Subscription) UnsetPendingChanges()`

UnsetPendingChanges ensures that no value is present for PendingChanges, not even an explicit nil
### GetCountry

`func (o *Subscription) GetCountry() Country`

GetCountry returns the Country field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCountryOk

`func (o *Subscription) GetCountryOk() (*Country, bool)`

GetCountryOk returns a tuple with the Country field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCountry

`func (o *Subscription) SetCountry(v Country)`

SetCountry sets Country field to given value.

### HasCountry

`func (o *Subscription) HasCountry() bool`

HasCountry returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetCountryNil

`func (o *Subscription) SetCountryNil(b bool)`

 SetCountryNil sets the value for Country to be an explicit nil

### UnsetCountry
`func (o *Subscription) UnsetCountry()`

UnsetCountry ensures that no value is present for Country, not even an explicit nil
### GetManagementUrl

`func (o *Subscription) GetManagementUrl() string`

GetManagementUrl returns the ManagementUrl field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetManagementUrlOk

`func (o *Subscription) GetManagementUrlOk() (*string, bool)`

GetManagementUrlOk returns a tuple with the ManagementUrl field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetManagementUrl

`func (o *Subscription) SetManagementUrl(v string)`

SetManagementUrl sets ManagementUrl field to given value.


### SetManagementUrlNil

`func (o *Subscription) SetManagementUrlNil(b bool)`

 SetManagementUrlNil sets the value for ManagementUrl to be an explicit nil

### UnsetManagementUrl
`func (o *Subscription) UnsetManagementUrl()`

UnsetManagementUrl ensures that no value is present for ManagementUrl, not even an explicit nil

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


